2024-HwSynLab-TermProject

Hardware Synthesis, Term Project
Objectives

Design a simple computer terminal.
Background
A computer terminal[1]  is a simple form of computer interface. Initially, it is a form of  keyboard and typewriter connecting through a telephone line (aka. USART) — hence the name TeleType. It can be designed using either a pure state machine or a CPU.

Requirements
In this project, you are asked to design a simple billboard system in FPGA. The interface is your VGA, and a USART input. Your device will function as both receiver/display and sender at the same time.

As a receiver, your device will accept an input from USART and display the character to the VGA display. For each character received, show a letter for one second. The display must be capable of displaying  alphanumeric characters (ASCII). At minimum, the characters are A-Z, a-z, 0-9 and new line (‘\n’). Other non-supported characters may show as ‘-’.
As a sender Use 8 switches as an input with one push button as a send command to send an 8-bit data through serial communication.
Optional (bonus), support keyboard input. For each character pressed on the keyboard, send an 8-bit data through serial communication.


Your system must support:

At least 320x240 display through VGA port through memory mapped display. There is no need to show colors. B/W is acceptable. Display a line with 8 characters per line to the VGA screen.
A USART  Interface (8n1, 9600bps)
Reset switch
8-bit input (using 8 switches) and one send button (using a push button)
(Optional) PS/2 keyboard as an input

Grading
Given that this is a challenged task, even if you cannot deliver the fully function game, you can still get a partial credits as following:

(10 points) show (atleast)  an 8-character line on the VGA screen.
(10 points) the 8-bit data can be received and sent. (You may use the 7-segment displays to show that your data has correctly been sent/received— 2 digits for each direction.)
(10 points) Support for PS/2 (aka. USB) keyboard.
(10 points) A 1 page (A4) poster/summary shows proper/modular design of the system (display module, Serial, keyboard module, CPU if used)
Bonus. (20 points) support Thai character.
Bonus. (5 points) graphic design of your screen.
Bonus. (5 points) support multiple lines.
